Update backend.rst for sox availability (#3543)
pytorch/audio: docs/source/backend.rst

Availability
------------

> ``"sox_io"`` backend requires C++ extension module. torchaudio<2.1.0 will include libsox in the Linux/macOS binary distributions, for later versions please install `libsox`. This backend is not available on Windows.

Reviewer: backend module here refers to the part of our code that use libsox, so this statement still holds.
Can we keep this statement as-is and use `note` notation and redirect to installation ?

```suggestion
``"sox_io"`` backend requires C++ extension module, which is included in Linux/macOS binary distributions. This backend is not available on Windows.

.. note::
   Starting 2.1.0, torchaudio searches and links libsox at runtime. Please install libsox. See also `Optional Dependencies <./installation.html#optional-dependencies>`__.
```
